this video of the Answer Man racing
Chuckie starter box and box now this is
in the limelight today and we're gonna
do a quick out a boxing of it this is as
I just said the chalky slider box and so
that is four models 1x scaling size and
it has 2 motors 750 size so it's got the
bigger motors inside there and double
motors as well four engines 21 size and
upwards so this is the motive power
starter box and it's very nice displayed
in this nice package in here you can see
we're going to take it out of the box in
a moment and we will take a closer look
this is actually powered by two to seven
point two volts now my batteries or
Bobcat batteries whatever or you can
actually put in their.8 single 12-volt
power supply for example a car battery
etc etc so let us take now that the box
everything we'll take a closer look at
this things and wires etc look at the
instruction manual first thing out of
the box and you can see inside this
packet we have three zip ties for zip
ties sorry these are used to actually
zip tie be if you're using 7.2 our
batteries those are water used to zip
tie the batteries onto the casing onto
the holders there's a few specifications
on here if you want having really those
you can do the technical data something
I just noticed actually there contrasts
what's on the box it says here that it
can take an input voltage of up to
fourteen point four volts so I guess
actually you could run a 14 point 1 volt
lipo over here maybe fourteen point two
I'd like off there yeah I've never be
interesting I've seen what happens there
and of course here's all these
specifications you can see obviously
this is the largest otterbox of the two
and the more powerful one because it's
for the larger engines but I actually
recommend if you're going to get a
slider box why not just get the larger
one because
obviously if you have a powerful one
that is going to be able to start any
size engine if you get the less powerful
one and you're only be able to start the
engines up to the point 21 in size so
we've had a quick look at the manual I'm
already going to look through it
I'm sure there's not much in there now
what we're going to do is take the
starter box out of the polythene bag and
open it up and take a look you'll have
to excuse the box being black and the
background being black I won't change
the background to white now but here you
can see it's a nice little unit nice in
size you can see we have these grips on
the top pair so that the vehicle will
actually grip onto the top of the
surface when you're trying to start the
engine we have a large flywheel opening
then this is key because some of the
starter boxes that I've been looking at
recently before I ordered this one
actually have very small openings so
it's only suitable for some engines this
one is a much larger okay and the will
is abnormally narrow as well which is
nice so if you have a gap in your
chassis which is only like this wide
this will still fit in there so this is
highly recommended if you have one of
those
Sassy's which only has a small opening
or you have a very thin or small
flywheel on your on your engine so this
is nice as well and it actually pushes
down fairly long way so again if you
have one of those engines that are
raised quite far off the chassis this
will stick right up and connect onto the
flywheel properly we have a few nice
decals here we have a few events as well
to keep things cool inside a few vents
on the top and apart from that all we
need to do now is open it up now to open
it up we have one Phillips screw on the
top here this one lifts up and then
inside you can access the connectors the
cables and of course the batteries let's
take a look to remove this one screw
here so it's an easy access there's no
big removing screws etc to do this one
just leans back and in inside here we
have the double motors we'll get a
closer and better angle of those in a
moment and when you purchase this the
cables are found inside the starter box
many people when they are
online many people on that she received
this starter box they open up the box
and they think oh there they've
forgotten to include the cables but
Ann's men have actually stored these the
safe room within the packaging actually
inside the starter box pretty common
stands but some people have made this
mistake so inside this this cable packet
here we have some crocodile clips so you
can actually use it off the 12-volt
battery and around this size we have
some this is the holder here for the
simple two volt batteries and you have a
few screws pads metal pads etc except in
there
and here we have a loop connector okay
so if you're just using the crocodile
clips this loops it round so you can
just use one to me a connector but if
you're going to be using two batteries
then you simply remove this one so that
you have two Sameer connectors on there
so you can connect 17.2 your old battery
to this one and obviously the other one
to this one so it's very nice setup and
very versatile etc etc and looking very
nice I'm just gonna tilt this one up now
and we'll take a closer look at the
motor
we're now looking directly inside these
starter box and it's a very nice clean
setup here there's no cables running
everywhere here we have two of these 750
motors so one 750 and it to 750 it's a
push down spring system so basically
when you push this down there's a metal
thingy on the bottom there and this
could lease the circuit there for
turning on the motors and here we have
the belts and they've run itself okay
this is one less I just said by a belt
joining on the two pinion gears on there
and that basically is all there is to it
there's a large area in here for you to
install your battery if you used to find
a fairly small 12 volts and in a
motorcycle battery etc it would probably
fit very nicely inside here as well
overall it's a very nice unit and I will
be posting some videos of it's starting
21 engines
18 engines and
we'll be try a bit block 32 anything
that I would try to get hold off soon
just for testing purposes for they
starter box see how well it turns over a
an Jian with loads and loads of
compression before we end the video I
should mention that this is actually my
second starter box the first one I did
have to send back because of a defect
that it had it had a problem with the
motors they were not running powerfully
enough there's a fault with one of these
motors here so I did have to return it
just something to look out for if you're
planning buying one of these you should
consider just last thing before we go it
also has a convenient carrying handle on
the side there so yeah it's a fairly
heavy unit to be cutting around the
field but of course if you have the
carry handle just there
it does make life a bit easier thank you
much for watching and I hope you enjoyed
this quick short review and more videos
will be coming soon
bye for now